Arcadiy Gobuzov

preferred communication
+7 (916) 0235920
gobuzov@mail.ru
t.me/gobuzov1

Reside in: Podolsk
Citizenship: Russia, work permit at: Russia
Ready to relocate, ready for business trips
Desired position and salary
Android Developer
Specializations:
Programmer, developer

Employment: full time, part time, project work
Work schedule: full day, remote working
Desired travel time to work: any

Work experience в 7 years 6 months

Ago VR
February 2023  till now 1 year 7 months
Lead Programmer
Development of a pilot project for simplified VR or AR. Two or more Android phones are used. One for displaying a virtual 3D or augmented scene, the others as game controllers. Transmission of sensor data via Bluetooth. Selection of a 3D engine for displaying scenes. Construction of a mathematical model for determining 3D coordinates based on data from accelerometers and gyroscopes. (Summary - an exact determination is not possible, but it is possible to determine the state of rest and the direction of movement)
Android SDK, bluetooth, jpct, defold, vuforia, libgdx, jmonkeyengine, unity3d, godot

z80sky www.rustore.ru/catalog/app/ru.z80sky
October 2022  till now 1 year 11 months
Lead Programmer
Working on the z80sky app for several communities (Facebook, Telegram) of z80 CPU enthusiasts. Planning the app architecture, developing new features, fixing bugs, reviewing code. Working in a team of 3 developers located in different countries. Accessing the device file system. The app is being ported to iPhone
Android SDK, Java, Kotlin, File API, MVC, Git / Swift

Tactic Medicine www.rustore.ru/catalog/app/ru.tacticm
March 2022  September 2022 7 months
Lead Programmer
Development of the application for tactical medicine courses from scratch. Participation in discussions of the design, functions and technical features of the application. Making decisions on the architecture of the application, implementing the best development practices. Creating your own Custom View. Playing multimedia. Assistance in testing. Application support
Android SDK, Java, Kotlin, JSON, RecyclerView, MediaPlayer, MVVM, Git

Rdtex Check-Check play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.ch2.check3

October 2016  September 2021 5 years
Head of Mobile Development Department
up to 4 Android developers, mentoring 2 Juniors
Development of 2 applications:
Main: for the end user: obtaining information about products and stores, taking into account prices and product composition.
Additional: for keepers (barcode cache), delayed sending of collected information (photo, geo and text data)
Interviews of more than 10 applicants, selection of performers, setting and completing tasks;
Decision-making on application architecture, code review, interaction with the backend team when working with the protocol, documentation;
Android SDK, Rest API, Google Map API, own ORM implementation, Zxing (code scanning), paid subscriptions
Java and later Kotlin

Before 2016
Some companies in fintech, gamedev. Worked as mobile developer

Education
Omsk State University named after F.M. Dostoevsky, Omsk 2001
Institute of Mathematics and Information Technologies, Mathematics. Applied Mathematics
